1.  Fast & Furious 7 (2015)

Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother. 
Director : James Wan 
With : Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Dwayne Johnson 
Action | Crime | Thriller 137 mins.


2.  The Walking Dead (2010 TV Series)

Sheriff's Deputy Rick Grimes leads a group of survivors in a world overrun by zombies. 
With : Andrew Lincoln, Jon Bernthal, Sarah Wayne Callies 
Drama | Horror 44 mins.


3.  Spectre (2015)
A cryptic message from Bond's past sends him on a trail to uncover a sinister organization. While M battles political forces to keep the secret service alive, Bond peels back the layers of deceit to reveal the terrible truth behind SPECTRE. 
Director : Sam Mendes 
With : Daniel Craig, Christoph Waltz, Ralph Fiennes 
Action | Adventure | Thriller


4.  Cendrillon (2015)
  
When her father unexpectedly passes away, young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters. Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger. 
Director : Kenneth Branagh 
With : Lily James, Cate Blanchett, Richard Madden 
Drama | Family | Fantasy | Romance 105 mins.


5.  Game of Thrones (2011 TV Series)

Several noble families fight for control of the mythical land of Westeros. 
With : Peter Dinklage, Lena Headey, Kit Harington 
Adventure | Drama | Fantasy 55 mins.


6.  Avengers: L'ère d'Ultron (2015)

When Tony Stark tries to jumpstart a dormant peacekeeping program, things go awry and it is up to the Avengers to stop the villainous Ultron from enacting his terrible plans. 
Director : Joss Whedon 
With : Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo 
Action | Adventure | Sci-Fi | Thriller 142 mins.


7.  Divergente 2: L'insurrection (2015)

Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons and continue her fight against a powerful alliance which threatens to tear her society apart with the help from others on her side. 
Director : Robert Schwentke 
With : Shailene Woodley, Ansel Elgort, Theo James 
Adventure | Sci-Fi | Thriller 119 mins.


8.  Interstellar (2014)

A team of explorers travel through a wormhole in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival. 
Director : Christopher Nolan 
With : Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain 
Adventure | Sci-Fi 169 mins.


9.  Home (2015)

Oh, an alien on the run from his own people, lands on Earth and makes friends with the adventurous Tip, who is on a quest of her own. 
Director : Tim Johnson 
With : Jim Parsons, Rihanna, Steve Martin 
Animation | Adventure | Comedy | Family | Fantasy | Sci-Fi 94 mins.


10.  Get Hard (2015)

When millionaire James King is jailed for fraud and bound for San Quentin, he turns to Darnell Lewis to prep him to go behind bars. 
Director : Etan Cohen 
With : Will Ferrell, Kevin Hart, Alison Brie 
Comedy 100 mins.


11.  Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice (2016)

Director : Zack Snyder 
With : Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams 
Action | Adventure | Fantasy | Sci-Fi


12.  The Flash (2014 TV Series)

Barry Allen wakes up 9 months after he was struck by lightning and discovers that the bolt gave him the power of super speed. With his new team and powers, Barry becomes "The Flash" and fights crime in Central City. 
With : Grant Gustin, Candice Patton, Danielle Panabaker 
Action | Adventure | Drama | Fantasy | Sci-Fi 43 mins.


13.  It Follows (2014)

A young woman is followed by an unknown supernatural force after getting involved in a sexual encounter. 
Director : David Robert Mitchell 
With : Maika Monroe, Keir Gilchrist, Olivia Luccardi 
Horror 100 mins.


14.  Arrow (2012 TV Series)

Spoiled billionaire playboy Oliver Queen is missing and presumed dead when his yacht is lost at sea. He returns five years later a changed man, determined to clean up the city as a hooded vigilante armed with a bow. 
With : Stephen Amell, Katie Cassidy, David Ramsey 
Action | Adventure | Crime | Drama | Mystery | Sci-Fi 42 mins.


15.  Vikings (2013 TV Series)

The adventures of Ragnar Lothbrok: the greatest hero of his age. The series tells the saga of Ragnar's... 
With : Travis Fimmel, Clive Standen, Gustaf Skarsgård 
Action | Drama | History | War 44 mins.


16.  Mad Max: Fury Road (2015)

In a post-apocalyptic world, in which people fight to the death, Max teams up with a mysterious woman, Furiousa, to try and survive. 
Director : George Miller 
With : Tom Hardy, Charlize Theron, Nicholas Hoult 
Action | Adventure | Thriller


17.  Fear the Walking Dead (2015 TV Series)

What did the world look like as it was transforming into the horrifying apocalypse depicted in "The Walking Dead"? This spin-off set in Los Angeles, following new characters as they face the beginning of the end of the world, will answer that question. 
With : Cliff Curtis, Alycia Debnam Carey, Kim Dickens 
Drama | Horror 60 mins.


18.  Bloodline (2015 TV Series)

A family of adult siblings find that their past secrets and scars are revealed when their black sheep of a brother returns home. 
With : Norbert Leo Butz, Kyle Chandler, Jamie McShane 
Drama | Thriller 60 mins.


19.  Better Call Saul (2015 TV Series)

The trials and tribulations of criminal lawyer, Saul Goodman, in the time leading up to establishing his strip-mall law office in Albuquerque, New Mexico. 
With : Bob Odenkirk, Jonathan Banks, Rhea Seehorn 
Crime | Drama 60 mins.


20.  Once Upon a Time (2011 TV Series)

A woman with a troubled past is drawn to a town in Maine where fairy tales are to be believed. 
Director : David Barrett 
With : Ginnifer Goodwin, Jennifer Morrison, Lana Parrilla 
Adventure | Fantasy | Romance 44 mins.


21.  Kingsman: Services secrets (2014)

A spy organization recruits an unrefined, but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program, just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius. 
Director : Matthew Vaughn 
With : Colin Firth, Taron Egerton, Samuel L. Jackson 
Action | Adventure | Comedy | Crime 129 mins.


22.  Cinquante nuances de Grey (2015)

Literature student Anastasia Steele's life changes forever when she meets handsome, yet tormented, billionaire Christian Grey. 
Director : Sam Taylor-Johnson 
With : Dakota Johnson, Jamie Dornan, Jennifer Ehle 
Drama | Romance 125 mins.


23.  Into the Woods: Promenons-nous dans les bois (2014)

A witch tasks a childless baker and his wife with procuring magical items from classic fairy tales to reverse the curse put on their family tree. 
Director : Rob Marshall 
With : Anna Kendrick, Meryl Streep, Chris Pine 
Adventure | Fantasy | Musical 125 mins.


24.  House of Cards (2013 TV Series)

A Congressman works with his equally conniving wife to exact revenge on the people who betrayed him. 
With : Kevin Spacey, Michael Gill, Robin Wright 
Drama 55 mins.


25.  Southpaw (2015)

A boxer fights his way to the top, only to find his life falling apart around him. 
Director : Antoine Fuqua 
With : Jake Gyllenhaal, Rachel McAdams, Naomie Harris 
Drama | Sport


26.  Diversion (2015)

In the midst of veteran con man Nicky's latest scheme, a woman from his past - now an accomplished femme fatale - shows up and throws his plans for a loop. 
Director : Glenn Ficarra, John Requa 
With : Will Smith, Margot Robbie, Rodrigo Santoro 
Comedy | Crime | Drama | Romance 105 mins.


27.  Jurassic World (2015)

Twenty-two years after the events of Jurassic Park, Isla Nublar now features a fully functioning dinosaur theme park, Jurassic World, as originally envisioned by John Hammond. After 10 years of operation and visitor rates declining, in order to fulfill a corporate mandate, a new attraction is created to re-spark visitor's interest, which backfires horribly. 
Director : Colin Trevorrow 
With : Chris Pratt, Judy Greer, Ty Simpkins 
Action | Adventure | Sci-Fi | Thriller


28.  Divergente (2014)

In a world divided by factions based on virtues, Tris learns she's Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy Divergents, Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes Divergents dangerous before it's too late. 
Director : Neil Burger 
With : Shailene Woodley, Theo James, Kate Winslet 
Adventure | Sci-Fi | Thriller 139 mins.


29.  Outlander (2014 TV Series)
  
Follows the story of Claire Randall, a married combat nurse from 1945 who is mysteriously swept back in time to 1743... 
With : Caitriona Balfe, Sam Heughan, Tobias Menzies 
Drama | Romance | Sci-Fi 64 mins.


30.  The Big Bang Theory (2007 TV Series)

A woman who moves into an apartment across the hall from two brilliant but socially awkward physicists shows them how little they know about life outside of the laboratory. 
With : Johnny Galecki, Jim Parsons, Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting 
Comedy 22 mins.


31.  Imitation Game (2014)

During World War II, mathematician Alan Turing tries to crack the enigma code with help from fellow mathematicians. 
Director : Morten Tyldum 
With : Benedict Cumberbatch, Keira Knightley, Matthew Goode 
Biography | Drama | Thriller | War 114 mins.


32.  The Last Man on Earth (2015 TV Series)

THE LAST MAN ON EARTH is a new single-camera comedy about the life and adventures of the last man on earth... 
Director : Phil Lord, Christopher Miller 
With : Will Forte, January Jones, Cleopatra Coleman 
Action | Comedy | Sci-Fi 30 mins.


33.  Supernatural (2005 TV Series)

Two brothers follow their father's footsteps as "hunters" fighting evil supernatural beings of many kinds including monsters, demons, and gods that roam the earth. 
With : Jared Padalecki, Jensen Ackles, Jim Beaver 
Drama | Fantasy | Horror | Mystery | Thriller 44 mins.


34.  Breaking Bad (2008 TV Series)

A chemistry teacher diagnosed with a terminal lung cancer, teams up with his former student, Jesse Pinkman, to cook and sell crystal meth. 
With : Bryan Cranston, Aaron Paul, Anna Gunn 
Crime | Drama | Thriller 45 mins.

35.  iZombie (2015 TV Series)

A medical resident finds that being a zombie has its perks, which she uses to assist the police. 
Director : Rob Thomas 
With : Rose McIver, Malcolm Goodwin, Rahul Kohli 
Comedy | Crime | Drama | Horror | Sci-Fi 42 mins.


36.  Grey's Anatomy (2005 TV Series)

A drama centered on the personal and professional lives of five surgical interns and their supervisors. 
With : Ellen Pompeo, Justin Chambers, Chandra Wilson 
Drama | Romance 41 mins.


37.  Mad Men (2007 TV Series)

A drama about one of New York's most prestigious ad agencies at the beginning of the 1960s, focusing on one of the firm's most mysterious but extremely talented ad executives, Donald Draper. 
With : Jon Hamm, Elisabeth Moss, Vincent Kartheiser 
Drama 45 mins.


38.  Pretty Little Liars (2010 TV Series)

Four friends band together against an anonymous foe who threatens to reveal their darkest secrets, while unraveling the mystery of the murder of their best friend. 
With : Lucy Hale, Shay Mitchell, Troian Bellisario 
Drama | Mystery | Thriller 60 mins.


39.  Les Gardiens de la Galaxie (2014)

A group of intergalactic criminals are forced to work together to stop a fanatical warrior from taking control of the universe. 
Director : James Gunn 
With : Chris Pratt, Vin Diesel, Bradley Cooper 
Action | Adventure | Sci-Fi 121 mins.


40.  Fast & Furious 6 (2013) 

Hobbs has Dominic and Brian reassemble their crew to take down a team of mercenaries: Dominic unexpectedly gets convoluted also facing his presumed deceased girlfriend, Letty. 
Director : Justin Lin 
With : Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Dwayne Johnson 
Action | Crime | Thriller 130 mins.


41.  Les nouveaux héros (2014)

The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. 
Director : Don Hall, Chris Williams 
With : Ryan Potter, Scott Adsit, Jamie Chung 
Animation | Action | Adventure | Comedy | Family | Sci-Fi 102 mins.


42.  The 100 (2014 TV Series)

Set 97 years after a nuclear war has destroyed civilization, when a spaceship housing humanity's lone survivors sends 100 juvenile delinquents back to Earth in hopes of possibly re-populating the planet. 
With : Eliza Taylor, Eli Goree, Thomas McDonell 
Drama | Sci-Fi 43 mins.


43.  Marvel: Les agents du S.H.I.E.L.D. (2013 TV Series) Marvel: Les agents du S.H.I.E.L.D. (2013 TV Series)

The missions of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division. 
With : Clark Gregg, Ming-Na Wen, Brett Dalton 
Action | Drama | Sci-Fi 45 mins.


45.  Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (2015 TV Series)

A woman is rescued from a doomsday cult and starts life over again in New York City. 
With : Ellie Kemper, Jane Krakowski, Tituss Burgess 
Comedy 30 mins.


45.  The DUFF (2015)

A high school senior instigates a social pecking order revolution after finding out that she has been labeled the DUFF - Designated Ugly Fat Friend - by her prettier, more popular counterparts. 
Director : Ari Sandel 
With : Mae Whitman, Bella Thorne, Robbie Amell 
Comedy 101 mins.


46.  Shameless (2011 TV Series)

An alcoholic man lives in a perpetual stupor while his six children with whom he lives cope as best they can. 
With : Emmy Rossum, William H. Macy, Ethan Cutkosky 
Comedy | Drama 46 mins.


47.  Star Wars: Episode VII - Le Réveil de la Force (2015)

A continuation of the saga created by George Lucas set thirty years after Le retour du Jedi. 
Director : J.J. Abrams 
With : Harrison Ford, Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher 
Action | Adventure | Fantasy | Sci-Fi


48.  The Blacklist (2013 TV Series)

A highly articulate, erudite and intelligent businessman and mastermind, "Red" Reddington, has allegedly... 
With : James Spader, Megan Boone, Diego Klattenhoff 
Crime | Drama | Mystery | Thriller 43 mins.


49.  American Horror Story (2011 TV Series)

An anthology series that centers on different characters and locations, including a haunted house, an insane asylum, a witch coven, a freak show and a hotel. 
With : Evan Peters, Jessica Lange, Sarah Paulson 
Drama | Horror | Thriller 60 mins.


50.  Black Sails (2014 TV Series)

Captain Flint and his pirates, twenty years prior to Robert Louis Stevenson's classic "Treasure Island". 
With : Jessica Parker Kennedy, Toby Stephens, Hannah New 
Adventure | Drama 56 mins.


51.  Birdman (2014)

A washed-up actor, who once played an iconic superhero, battles his ego and attempts to recover his family, his career and himself in the days leading up to the opening of his Broadway play. 
Director : Alejandro González Iñárritu 
With : Michael Keaton, Zach Galifianakis, Edward Norton 
Comedy | Drama | Romance 119 mins.


52.  Whiplash (2014)

A promising young drummer enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential. 
Director : Damien Chazelle 
With : Miles Teller, J.K. Simmons, Melissa Benoist 
Drama | Music 107 mins.


53.  Vampire Diaries (2009 TV Series)

A teenage girl is torn between two vampire brothers. 
With : Nina Dobrev, Paul Wesley, Ian Somerhalder 
Drama | Fantasy | Horror | Mystery | Romance | Thriller 43 mins.


54.  Exodus (2014)

The defiant leader Moses rises up against the Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses, setting 600,000 slaves on a monumental journey of escape from Egypt and its terrifying cycle of deadly plagues. 
Director : Ridley Scott 
With : Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Ben Kingsley 
Action | Adventure | Drama 150 mins.


55.  Le septième fils (2014)

Young Thomas is apprenticed to the local Spook to learn to fight evil spirits. His first great challenge comes when the powerful Mother Malkin escapes her confinement while the Spook is away. 
Director : Sergey Bodrov 
With : Ben Barnes, Julianne Moore, Jeff Bridges 
Action | Adventure | Fantasy 102 mins.


56.  Gotham (2014 TV Series)

The story behind Commissioner James Gordon's rise to prominence in Gotham City in the years before Batman's arrival. 
With : Ben McKenzie, Jada Pinkett Smith, Donal Logue 
Crime | Drama | Thriller 42 mins.


57.  Gone Girl (2014)

With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. 
Director : David Fincher 
With : Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, Neil Patrick Harris 
Drama | Mystery | Thriller 149 mins.


58.  Le Hobbit: La bataille des cinq armées (2014)

Bilbo and Company are forced to engage in a war against an array of combatants and keep the Lonely Mountain from falling into the hands of a rising darkness. 
Director : Peter Jackson 
With : Ian McKellen, Martin Freeman, Richard Armitage 
Adventure | Fantasy 144 mins.


59.  Invincible (2014)

After a near-fatal plane crash in WWII, Olympian Louis Zamperini spends a harrowing 47 days in a raft with two fellow crewmen before he's caught by the Japanese navy and sent to a prisoner-of-war camp. 
Director : Angelina Jolie 
With : Jack O'Connell, Takamasa Ishihara, Domhnall Gleeson 
Biography | Drama | Sport | War 137 mins.

60.  Ex Machina (2015)

A young programmer is selected to participate in a breakthrough experiment in artificial intelligence by evaluating the human qualities of a breathtaking female A.I. 
Director : Alex Garland 
With : Alicia Vikander, Domhnall Gleeson, Oscar Isaac 
Drama | Sci-Fi 108 mins.


61.  Hunger Games: La révolte - 1ère partie (2014)

Katniss Everdeen is in District 13 after she shatters the games forever. Under the leadership of President Coin and the advice of her trusted friends, Katniss spreads her wings as she fights to save Peeta and a nation moved by her courage. 
Director : Francis Lawrence 
With : Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth 
Adventure | Sci-Fi 123 mins.


62.  The D Train (2015)

The head of a high school reunion committee travels to Los Angeles to track down the most popular guy from his graduating class and convince him to go to the reunion. 
Director : Andrew Mogel, Jarrad Paul 
With : James Marsden, Kathryn Hahn, Jack Black 
Comedy 97 mins.


63.  Masterminds (2015)

A night guard at an armored car company in the Southern U.S. organizes one of the biggest bank heists in American history. 
Director : Jared Hess 
With : Kristen Wiig, Jason Sudeikis, Zach Galifianakis 
Action | Comedy | Crime


64.  Spy (2015)

A desk-bound CIA analyst volunteers to go undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer, and prevent diabolical global disaster. 
Director : Paul Feig 
With : Jason Statham, Rose Byrne, Morena Baccarin 
Action | Comedy 120 mins.


65.  The Following (2013 TV Series)

A brilliant and charismatic, yet psychotic serial killer communicates with other active serial killers and activates a cult of believers following his every command. 
With : Kevin Bacon, James Purefoy, Shawn Ashmore 
Crime | Drama | Mystery | Thriller 43 mins.


66.  Superfast! (2015)

Undercover cop Lucas White joins Vin Serento's LA gang of illegal street racers. They are fast and they are furious and they plan to double cross LA crime kingpin Juan Carlos de la Sol who hides his cash in a downtown Taco Bell. The gangs outrageous plan is as daring as it is ridiculous and will see them towing the whole damn restaurant, at crazy speeds. 
Director : Jason Friedberg, Aaron Seltzer 
With : Veronica McCluskey, Lili Mirojnick, Dale Pavinski 
Comedy 99 mins.


67.  Friends (1994 TV Series)

Follows the lives of six 20-something friends living in Manhattan. 
With : Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow 
Comedy | Romance 22 mins.


68.  Chappie (2015)

In the near future, crime is patrolled by a mechanized police force. When one police droid, Chappie, is stolen and given new programming, he becomes the first robot with the ability to think and feel for himself. 
Director : Neill Blomkamp 
With : Sharlto Copley, Dev Patel, Hugh Jackman 
Action | Sci-Fi | Thriller 120 mins.


69.  Kidnapping Mr. Heineken (2015)

The inside story of the planning, execution, rousing aftermath and ultimate downfall of the kidnappers of beer tycoon Alfred "Freddy" Heineken, which resulted in the largest ransom ever paid for an individual. 
Director : Daniel Alfredson 
With : Jim Sturgess, Sam Worthington, Ryan Kwanten 
Action | Crime | Drama | Thriller 95 mins.


70.  The Longest Ride (2015)

After an automobile crash, the lives of a young couple intertwine with a much older man, as he reflects back on a past love. 
Director : George Tillman Jr. 
With : Scott Eastwood, Britt Robertson, Alan Alda 
Drama | Romance 139 mins.


71.  Straight Outta Compton (2015)

The group NWA emerges from the streets of Compton, California in the mid-1980s and revolutionizes pop culture with their music and tales about life in the hood. 
Director : F. Gary Gray 
With : Rebecca Olejniczak, Keith Stanfield, O'Shea Jackson Jr. 
Biography | Drama | Music


72.  Suits, avocats sur mesure (2011 TV Series)

On the run from a drug deal gone bad, Mike Ross, a brilliant college-dropout, finds himself a job working with Harvey Specter, one of New York City's best lawyers. 
With : Gabriel Macht, Patrick J. Adams, Meghan Markle 
Comedy | Drama 44 mins.


73.  La promesse d'une vie (2014)

An Australian man travels to Turkey after the Battle of Gallipoli to try and locate his three missing sons. 
Director : Russell Crowe 
With : Jai Courtney, Olga Kurylenko, Isabel Lucas 
Drama | War 111 mins.


74.  Fast and Furious (2001)

Los Angeles police officer Brian O'Connor must decide where his loyalties really lie when he becomes enamored with the street racing world he has been sent undercover to destroy. 
Director : Rob Cohen 
With : Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Michelle Rodriguez 
Action | Crime | Thriller 106 mins.


75.  Modern Family (2009 TV Series)

Three different, but related families face trials and tribulations in their own uniquely comedic ways. 
With : Ed O'Neill, Sofía Vergara, Julie Bowen 
Comedy 22 mins.


76.  Empire (2015 TV Series)

A father, who has a successful music business, has to choose one of his three sons to take over when he dies. 
With : Lizzy Leigh, Jussie Smollett, Kaitlin Doubleday 
Drama | Music 42 mins.


77.  Orange Is the New Black (2013 TV Series)

The story of Piper Chapman, a woman in her thirties who is sentenced to fifteen months in prison after being convicted of a decade-old crime of transporting money for her drug-dealing girlfriend. 
With : Taylor Schilling, Danielle Brooks, Taryn Manning 
Comedy | Crime | Drama 55 mins.


78.  Fantastic Four (2015)

Four young scientists achieve superhuman abilities through a teleportation experiment gone haywire. They must now use these abilities to save the world from an uprising tyrant. 
Director : Josh Trank 
With : Miles Teller, Kate Mara, Michael B. Jordan 
Action | Sci-Fi


79.  Poltergeist (2015)

A family's suburban home is invaded by evil forces. 
Director : Gil Kenan 
With : Sam Rockwell, Rosemarie DeWitt, Jane Adams 
Horror | Thriller


80.  Une merveilleuse histoire du temps (2014) 

A look at the relationship between the famous physicist Stephen Hawking and his wife. 
Director : James Marsh 
With : Eddie Redmayne, Felicity Jones, Tom Prior 
Biography | Drama | Romance 123 mins.


81.  Bates Motel (2013 TV Series)

"Bates Motel" is a contemporary prequel to the genre-defining film "Psycho," and gives a portrayal of... 
With : Vera Farmiga, Freddie Highmore, Max Thieriot 
Drama | Mystery | Thriller 45 mins.


82.  Esprits criminels (2005 TV Series)

The cases of the BAU, an elite group of profilers who analyze the nation's most dangerous criminal minds in an effort to anticipate their next moves before they strike again. 
With : Shemar Moore, Matthew Gray Gubler, Thomas Gibson 
Crime | Drama | Mystery | Thriller 42 mins.


83.  Kill Me Three Times (2014)

Professional hit-man Charlie Wolfe finds himself in three tales of murder, blackmail and revenge after a botched contract assignment. 
Director : Kriv Stenders 
With : Simon Pegg, Teresa Palmer, Alice Braga 
Action | Thriller 90 mins.


84.  Bob l'éponge, le film: Un héros sort de l'eau (2015)

When a diabolical pirate above the sea steals the secret Krabby Patty formula, SpongeBob and his nemesis Plankton must team up in order to get it back. 
Director : Paul Tibbitt 
With : Tom Kenny, Antonio Banderas, Bill Fagerbakke 
Animation | Adventure | Comedy | Family 92 mins.


85.  The Forger (2014)

A thief (John Travolta) works with his father (Christopher Plummer) and son to forge a painting by Monet and steal the original. Together, they plan the heist of their lives. 
Director : Philip Martin 
With : John Travolta, Abigail Spencer, Jennifer Ehle 
Crime | Drama | Thriller 92 mins.


86.  Night Run (2015)

Mobster and hit man Jimmy Conlon has one night to figure out where his loyalties lie: with his estranged son, Mike, whose life is in danger, or his longtime best friend, mob boss Shawn Maguire, who wants Mike to pay for the death of his own son. 
Director : Jaume Collet-Serra 
With : Liam Neeson, Ed Harris, Joel Kinnaman 
Action | Crime | Drama | Mystery | Thriller 114 mins.


87.  Daredevil (2015 TV Series)

A blind lawyer with his other senses superhumanly enhanced fights crime as a costumed superhero. 
With : Charlie Cox, Deborah Ann Woll, Elden Henson 
Action | Sci-Fi 60 mins.


88.  A Most Violent Year (2014)

In New York City 1981, an ambitious immigrant fights to protect his business and family during the most dangerous year in the city's history. 
Director : J.C. Chandor 
With : Oscar Isaac, Jessica Chastain, David Oyelowo 
Action | Crime | Drama | Thriller 125 mins.


89.  True Detective (2014 TV Series)

An anthology police detective series in which investigations seem to unearth both personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within or outside the law. 
With : Matthew McConaughey, Woody Harrelson, Michelle Monaghan 
Crime | Drama | Mystery 55 mins.


90.  The Royals (2015 TV Series)

Drama about a fictional British Royal family set in modern day London, who inhabit a world of opulence... 
With : William Moseley, Alexandra Park, Merritt Patterson 
Drama 42 mins.


91.  Wild (2014)

A chronicle of one woman's 1,100-mile solo hike undertaken as a way to recover from a recent catastrophe. 
Director : Jean-Marc Vallée 
With : Reese Witherspoon, Laura Dern, Gaby Hoffmann 
Biography | Drama 115 mins.


92.  Revenge (2011 TV Series)

An emotionally troubled young woman makes it her mission to exact revenge against the people who wronged her father. 
With : Madeleine Stowe, Emily VanCamp, Gabriel Mann 
Drama | Mystery | Thriller 44 mins.


93.  Night Call (2014)

When Lou Bloom, a driven man desperate for work, muscles into the world of L.A. crime journalism, he blurs the line between observer and participant to become the star of his own story. Aiding him in his effort is Nina, a TV-news veteran. 
Director : Dan Gilroy 
With : Jake Gyllenhaal, Rene Russo, Bill Paxton 
Crime | Thriller 117 mins.


94.  Dope (2015)

A coming of age comedy/drama for the post hip hop generation. Malcolm is a geek, carefully surviving life in The Bottoms... 
Director : Rick Famuyiwa 
With : Zoë Kravitz, Keith Stanfield, Forest Whitaker 
Comedy | Drama 115 mins.


95.  Deadpool (2016)

A former Special Forces operative turned mercenary is subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers and adopts the alter ego Deadpool. 
Director : Tim Miller 
With : Ryan Reynolds, Morena Baccarin, Gina Carano 
Action


96.  Mission Impossible 5 (2015)

Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet, eradicating the Syndicate - an International rogue organization as highly skilled as they are, committed to destroying the IMF. 
Director : Christopher McQuarrie 
With : Tom Cruise, Jeremy Renner, Simon Pegg 
Action | Adventure | Thriller


97.  Sherlock (2010 TV Series)

A modern update finds the famous sleuth and his doctor partner solving crime in 21st century London. 
With : Benedict Cumberbatch, Martin Freeman, Rupert Graves 
Crime | Drama | Mystery 90 mins.


98.  Justified (2010 TV Series)

Old-school U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens is reassigned from Miami to his childhood home in the poor, rural coal-mining towns in Eastern Kentucky. 
With : Timothy Olyphant, Nick Searcy, Joelle Carter 
Action | Crime | Drama | Thriller 44 mins.


